I would like to talk about something people keep watching since the annual meeting and that's JW Broadcasting.
Now in the October monthly program we saw a short video explaining the speed with which the studio in 312 was put together due to the tireless efforts and cooperation of those involved.
Now as with the Warwick project, we've heard vigilant prayers, praying for Jehovah's blessing and support.
And similar prayers were sent to Jehovah by those who knew about JW Broadcasting when it was first decided in early summer.
Did Jehovah hear the prayers?
I'd like to share two experiences of the dozens that could be shared and let you be the judge.
Extremely tight schedule to say the least.
One critical item we needed was a equipment console for the control room.
It's a large piece of equipment.
Companies make these to order, they're not stock anywhere.
So our brothers made a personal visit to one company to plead their case.
They needed the latest July 15th.
The owner showed their June July schedule and he said there's no way it's going to happen.
You're not going to get it in July.
Sometime later, certainly not July 15th.
Well the brothers were disappointed, they were not to the car, they were sitting in the car discussing this is the only option.
There's no other second option here.
They put the keys in the ignition to leave and there was a knock on the driver's window.
The owner had run across the parking lot and he said I think we found your console.
A company in South Africa had ordered one sometime before and he said we just learned they went bankrupt.
Well it turns out the console was wrapped ready to ship sitting on a dock in Staten Island.
He said you can pick it up today if you'd like.
Well the other thing is the company had ordered it.
They had already paid 40% of the total.
So the owner gave it to us at 60% of its actual cost.
It was exactly what we wanted.
Only just a little bit better.
You be the judge.
We ordered three broadcast cameras.
They had to be a very specific model.
They had plenty of time it seemed because the due date was July 22nd.
We ordered from the largest electronic supply company in the country.
Time March Donge, July 12th or not here.
Our brothers called the company repeatedly.
Our brothers even said could you call Sony in Japan and have them FedExas to us.
The company wasn't real cooperative.
They said you'll get them when you get them.
Well Thursday July 17th came.
Our brothers had an idea.
Let's call the purchasing brothers in Japan.
They could buy it.
They could FedExas to us.
Well the brothers in Japan checked with Sony, two other companies, and they came back with the answer.
There's no possible way of getting these cameras anywhere in Japan.
Our brothers sitting around disappointed again.
And one of them almost sarcastically said, what do we have to do?
Go to eBay.
Well they all laughed at this ludicrous thought.
But then the room went silent.
A few clicks on the mouse.
They found the exact model at a company in Texas.
And the company had three, not two, not four, three.
Oh what kind of condition they'd be off of eBay.
They were brand new in boxes on the shelf.
But we needed three controllers and we had ordered model 1501.
The company only had model 1500.
Our brothers frantically searched the cut sheets.
Can we make a 1500 work?
And in this additional research they found that we had ordered the wrong one.
We really needed a 1500, which is exactly what the company had.
They shipped it on the 18th.
It was supposed to be delivered on the 19th at 10 o'clock Saturday morning, 25 lobby.
How are the company wrong?
They addressed them to the 30 Columbia Heights Ferman Street doc.
So our brothers get a message from FedEx saying we tried to deliver, but your doc at 30 was closed.
Well here's what happened.
Our brothers called our purchasing agent who was out in service in the walker area.
At 1045 he called the company in Texas, who just happened to be open for a couple hours at Saturday morning.
At 11, the company called FedEx.
At 1115 FedEx, called to say the cameras would be delivered back to our distribution center here in Red Hook, Brooklyn at 130 that afternoon.
So at 130 we had a van at FedEx.
We picked up the three cameras and controllers that allegedly were not available anywhere in the United States and Japan.
They were ready for installation on the due date July 22nd.
Then our brothers get a blessing.
You be the judge.
But we can say without doubt that an angel did help us fabricate that beautiful studio.
And we say that because the brother who donated all the materials and labor, his first name is angel.